I’m tired of being alone
Sick of being single
I think I need me girl
I need a girl like
I'm never gonna dance again
Guilty feet have got no rhythm
Though it's easy to pretend
I know you're not a fool
I'm never gonna dance again
Guilty feet have got no rhythm
Though it's easy to pretend
I know you're not a fool
Would you tremble, if I touched your lips?
I can be your hero, baby
I can kiss away the pain
I will stand by you forever
You can take my very breath away
All by myself
Don't wanna be, All by myself, Anymore
Cause you should be my Lady!
Baby! Listen to your heart, won't let you down
I've never felt so strong, Life can lead us to a happiness never ending
See you in your wedding dress
I can see you in your wedding dress
Although loneliness has always been a friend of mine
I don't care who you are, Where you're from, What you did, As long as you love me
Who you are, Where you're from, Don't care what you did, As long as you love me
Some people wait a lifetime, for a moment like this
Some people search forever, For that one special kiss
Look at this photograph
WHY AM I ALONEEEE?
hollo namgyeojin jigeum nugunga piryohae (I’m all alone, I need someone)
jigeum nugunga piryohae (I need someone right now)
nareul badajul sarameun yeogi (Anyone who can accept me?)
Do you want me, Like I just wanna know you girl, Your mysterious smile, Makes me wonder
Do you want me, Your lover who will never change, Even your bitterness, Makes me obsessed
I wanna know what love is, I want you to show me
Yeah, this is my life, Always dreamin' for a dream to come true
I feel like I became a zombie, Not alive, but I'm still walkin'
When the sunrise is upon me, I'll be waiting for the day to pass by, oh why?
A page of our beautiful youth, Let’s write it together, I wanna fill it up, With memories with you
Want you to, Come on out and have fun, Want us to, Have the time of our life
(I’m singing my blues), Used to the blue tears, blue sorrow
The winter had passed and the spring has come, We have withered and our hearts are bruised from longing
So this is heartache? All this pain in the chest, my regrets
How long do I have to wait? How many nights do I have to pass, To see you?
I think I’m ugly, And nobody wants to love me
Why am I this unattractive?, How can I smile beautifully like you?
Don’t look at me, I don’t like this feeling, I want to hide somewhere, I want to get out, This world is full of lies
Don’t tell me that easily that you understand how I feel, I might resent you with my ugly and crooked heart
Please, give me one single chance, Please, don't leave me alone
Always on my mind, always always on my mind, The girl is on my mind 24/7, 365
I’m lonely, A night that I’m the only lonely
I just wanna be with you. Life is like a dream with you
Today my empty heart is drenched again
Where are you now? Don’t you see how exhausted I am?
Please just once, If I can just see you, I'm ok with losing everything I have, I'll meet you, even if it's in a dream
I'm honestly tired, I'm now tired of everything
When the dawn comes again, And I can't fall asleep for some reason, The sad worries come and find me
She’s in the rain, When I look at how beautiful you are, Time stops
I'll die on my ones, cause nobody's like me
I'ma live life on my ones, cause nobody likes me
I'm ugly from young, so nobody likes me